# Stock-Analysis
Performing analysis on Stock analysis data to determine the total daily volume and the return percntage.
## Overview of Project
The overview of this project is to utilize Visual Basic analysis technique in order to determine if the code we have written can perform and gather data for multiple stocks.
### Purpose
During the course of this module we have beeen able to create a code that has been able to pull specific data and convert it directly into the spreadsheet. We were asked initially by Steve to create an analysis that would allow him to look closely at a particular stock his client is interested in investing in. After reviewing the analysis that was provided to him it was determined that the specific stock was not a wise investment. Since we were able to create what Steve needed we were challenged to edit this code so that it would be able to acquire information on multiple stocks and in a shorter amount of time. 
## Results
Based off of the analysis the year 2017 was by far a much more lucrative year for investing compared to 2018. Of the 12 stocks that were there for analysis, only one stock had a negative return that year. When this year is compared to 2018 you can see that see that this is completely the opposite. The year 2018 had only two stocks with positive returns. Another noteable obervance is that the year 2017 had a significantly higher total daliy volume on some of the stocks compared to their perfomance in 2018. 
We can also notice from the timer code that was put into visual bascics it was determined that there is approximatley a two hundredths of a second difference in the performance when the code was ran for these two years.  The advantages in refactoring a code is you do not have to re write the code. This would take up to much time. Time that could be utilized elsewhere. The disadvantage would have to be if you are not careful it is very easy to get lost in the coding and mess things up completely. These pros and cons definitly apply, because this particular assignment has multiple lines and areas that you can easily get lost in what you are doing and lose sight as to what the objective is. 
